Add dist.es5.min.js description to Readme file (#1369)
visgl/loaders.gl: docs/README.md

- **Evergreen Browsers** loaders.gl supports recent versions of the major evergreen browsers (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Safari) on both desktop and mobile.
- **Node.js** LTS (Long-Term Support) [releases](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/) are also supported through the `@loaders.gl/polyfills` module.

> - **Edge and IE11** are not actively supported, however loaders.gl 2.3 is known to run on Edge and IE11. Both `@loaders.gl/polyfills` and additional appropriate polyfills (e.g. babel polyfills) need to be installed which will increase your application bundle size. For loaders.gl 3.0, additional transpilation of your `node_modules` folder may also be required. Note that because of lack of regualar testing on these older platforms, regressions can occur. Pinning your loaders.gl version is advisable. Also `dist.es5.min.js` bundle is available. It is fully transpilled to ES5 standart and potentially can be supported by IE and Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edge and IE11** are not actively supported, however loaders.gl 2.3 is known to run on Edge and IE11. 
    - Both `@loaders.gl/polyfills` and additional appropriate polyfills (e.g. babel polyfills) need to be installed which will increase your application bundle size. 
    - Note that because of lack of regular testing on these older platforms, regressions can occur, so pinning your loaders.gl versions in package.json is advisable.
    - For loaders.gl 3.0, additional transpilation of loaders.gl packages in your `node_modules` folder may also be required for IE11.
    - If you are importing prebuilt scripts, a `dist/es5.min.js` bundle is provided in each loader module. It is fully transpiled to ES5.
```
